there are all kinds of things in the
world today some are pretty dumb but
others okay nothing compares to back in
my day back in my day it wasn't about
Yugi on Pokemon cards it was about cards
for everything
wrestling movies video games comics and
more movies more movies back in the day
if there was a movie companies wanted to
make cards of it and just like any
sports card in any baseball card
football card you know set whatever we
wanted wanna do the whole set so what
would we do we would save her our little
allowances and go down and take our 75
cents and go buy a pack of cards you
know these Batman cards right here I
collected these before I even saw the
movie it was months before I even saw
the movie and believe it or not these
built the anticipation of the movie way
more than any trailer or friends talking
about it I would buy these things off
the ice cream truck me and my friends
would collect them basically what these
are are still shots of the movie they're
frames of the movie and they'll be
depict any sort of like really
interesting part in the movie and tell a
little bit about it on the back of the
card and I would just sit there and read
these things over and over and be like
well I can't wait till Batman comes out
now I mean the most if not all the movie
cards were like that Robocop perfect
example is basically a still from the
movie it's so funny that they would do
this something designed for kids on a
rated-r movie though I still find that
kind of funny and some of these scenes
are pretty violent like somebody getting
stabbed in the side of the head down the
side of his head dude I didn't even
think about that like yeah that's so
true though the this this was not a kids
movie Robocop 2 was not a kids movie
great movie not as good as the first one
but not a kid's movie not a kid's movie
definitely not now and a lot of these
things like the Batman cards I don't
know if you can tell keep coming back to
this one but it's got gum in it and it
came with the stick of gum just like
this was made by tops you know back in
the day tops baseball cards all came
with the stick of gum that was part of
the
the thrill of buying a pack of baseball
cards each pack came with a piece of a
puzzle and you know yeah so you had to
get the entire series which a good
consists of you know as upwards of ten
of these little packs to get the card so
you know I guess I'm fun probably nine I
guess one usually two prongs beyond one
two three three cross she had to get
them all to get the puzzle completed and
I'm ever I doing that on like several
times and Garbage Pail Kids cuz it was I
was huge into Garbage Pail Kids my
parents my grandparents hated them but I
love them so I guess that made me love
one more and I would go to the ice cream
truck and I would buy a pack for $0.50
whenever I could dude Nintendo what was
hotter than Nintendo back in you know 19
1989 nothing
not much literally not much all right
folks
I'm going to open up one of these bad
man cards packages that have not been
open since 89 and the last time it was
opened it was opened to put the cards
inside of it and sell it up okay so yeah
they're still gum in here and I'm going
to try the gum and I already know it's
gonna be a horrible experience because
I've tried this before oh it's gonna
last I've actually seen these cards it's
kind of cool well that's not a good sign
it's sticking to the card yes is awesome
and she's picking needs I haven't seen
any of these cards and free in 25 years
let's bring them back so many memories
right now that is so cool that's cool
let me see there's a puzzle there's a
puzzle piece that's a corner yeah here
we go
you can do it all using you have do you
want do you have you'll have to split it
why not screw it let's go it didn't care
it shattered yeah it's now all right 25
year-old gum I'm not gonna be good but
down the hatch
it doesn't have a taste
mm-hmm you know when you bite in the
chalk that's what it tastes like well
that's what it feels like yeah I feel
like took like a hmm
if it took like a oh I like it like uh a
bottom and see tablet or some or some
kind of tablet and her skirt or I tasted
like an old book that was pretty ill
yeah he was he was right on like if you
take take a an aspirin tablet or
something like that and you just started
chewing it that's kind of the way it
broke up and into your mouth but uh as
you can see no gum it's not the the
elasticity of it is gone after 25 years
apparently but the after the aftertaste
literally tastes like an old book it
really does I feel like I'm licking
cardboard right now my cardboard that's
been in a storage unit for 25 not an
exaggeration it'll literally taste like
cardboard
hmm could have been worse yeah there you
have it folks back in our day cards were
better than they are now you youngsters